Possible use cases of examen:

question survey - will not have a "correct" answer, will not have "score" threshold - have to save answers - different result page than exam.

Multi-question survey - no correct answer - No threshold - Maybe should have multi-select.  Maybe should have horizontal inputs instead of only vertical as in a multiple-choice answer.

Fun test - no stats, no saving of the answers - probably want each answer to have a weight and then have a result matrix for the score

Simple test - no conditions, no pagebreaks, all on one page

Complicated test - multiple pagebreaks, groups, conditions, or just more than X questions.  Have to test this, see how many questions can fit on a page comfortably without taking too much time.  This will also be a problem in the results if there are more than X questions and show correct answers is on.

Considerations of future enhancements:
Multi-select not supported (should it be?)  It would complicate things incredibly.
Range answer with weighted question (would have to have a matrix for the score results)
Timed test
Validation is by cookie - clear the cookie and you haven't taken the exam - maybe there should be some kind of ability to validate on a license.
Should a text field be added and stored in the result so that the certificate/verify could be personalized and/or email can be sent on successful (or failed?) exam.
Maybe it should be an option to force one question per page.

Things that should be validated in the edit form:
There should be at least one question left after all conditions have been taken into account.
If there is a score threshold every question better have a correct answer.
If there is a pagebreak or a condition in the root or in a group, then the random option cannot be used for the class or for that group.  Unless pagebreak is the last element of root or the group.
If a question element is a condition it has to be from the same group.
A question that has no answer should be flagged (removed?).

Consideration of enhancement:
If there is some way of ensuring that a condition is always after that which calls it then the random could still work. 

Conditions:
if [not] picked	Remove			text, group, question 1 5
if [not] picked	Add				text, group, question 2 6
if [not] picked	Follow With		text, group, question 3 7
if [not] picked	Display in Resuts	text				  4 8 

Is There a way to have conflicting conditions?  Such as, removing something on a question that hasn't been added yet by another question?

